We have installed the mongoose update if current module into our tickets service.
So let's now go back over to our editor.
We're going to wire this thing up to our ticket model and then start to write out a couple of tests
just to make sure that it behaves as expected.
So back inside my editor, I'm going to find the tickets service.
Make sure you're inside a ticket service.
We've been working inside of orders.
Inside, they're going to find the models directory and find the ticket file.
Then at the very top I will import update if current plugin.
From Mongoose update if current.
And then we're going to wire this thing up to our ticket schema that we created a little bit lower on
inside the file.
So I'm going to scroll on down a little bit to our ticket schema.
Here it is right here.
And then right after the ticket schema definition, we're going to add in two lines of configuration.
I'm going to first say ticket schema, plug in and pass in the update if current plug in.
And then right above that, very important that we put this right above, we're also going to tell Mongoose
that we want to track the version of all these different documents using the field version.
So using some property named version instead of the default of underscore underscore V, which as we've
seen, is the default version field with mongoose.
So to rename that field, we're going to write out ticket schema.
Set version key to simply version instead.
And that's it.
Now by making this change to the version key right here.
There's one other little change we have to make inside of our ticket doc interface.
So I'm going to scroll up a little bit.
Here's the ticket doc interface.
And remember, the goal of this interface was to list out all the different properties that a document
has or an instance of a ticket has.
So this was an interface that listed out not only the properties that a ticket has, so specifically
a title price and user ID, but also includes all the properties that a normal document has as well.
One of the properties listed inside the humongous DOT document interface is Underscore Underscore V,
and that's what would normally allow us to write out some code such as tickets underscore underscore
v.
Normally if we had a ticket and if we're working with a ticket document, we could write this out and
TypeScript would be absolutely okay with that because inside of this interface definition is something
that says that a ticket has an underscore underscore V property.
So we just change that.
We are now saying that to access the version field we want to write out, be able to write out something
such as ticket version.
This version property is not defined inside of the document interface.
Nothing inside there says that a document has a version property.
So to help TypeScript understand that a instance of a ticket has a version property, you and I have
to manually add it to the ticket dock interface.
So version is going to be a number like so, and that is what is going to allow us to write out something
such as ticket version without TypeScript complaining at us.
So believe it or not, that is it for wiring up this optimistic concurrency control stuff.
But at this point, I don't know about you.
I'm kind of thinking, what does that do for us?
And that's why I would really like to write out a quick test or two.
I just want to write out a test and make sure that this version field is going to be tracked automatically
and make sure that if we try to save some record out of the appropriate order, we're going to see some
kind of error.
So inside of my model directory, again, inside of my ticket service, I'm going to create a new folder
of underscore, underscore, test, underscore, underscore.
Inside of there.
I'll make a new file of ticket tests.
And then at the top, we'll immediately start to write our test.
I'm going to import the ticket model from up one directory ticket.
And then we're going to write out for right now just one simple test and we'll give this a description
of it implements optimistic concurrency control.
We can probably think of a better title for this test, but I just want you to kind of have this term
around just to give a reminder of what this stuff is all about.
Rather than having this video take a really long time.
However, let's take a pause right here and then write out the implementation for this test in just
a moment.